So harry's going to see a well, you all know meaning behind it's mary. It's a right, so i thought i would talk about icons and i thought, like a game, but james are here. Awesomeness. Just too bad break. Probably most of royce rules just about, but were started by icons and icons are on all sorts of interactive things, interactive controls, and you don't know what they're called. And as she recognition goes from accessibility spirit into what we're doing every day, it's starting to matter more, more. What is this thing called so that we can say to click it ? Because if there's, another alternative way to work, that it's usually touch screen, so the whole hover over it will be a little title. That'll tell you what it is, that's, just not gonna fly. Luckily, we're very good at coming up with names. We don't really understand what something means. So how many people here, by their own clothing, and wash it ? I expect every hand in this room. So you all know what a symbol of the hand in the bucket of water meets right shut out here. Do you know the box with two diagonal lines ? You love her ? I'm right, and you know you inside. Circle me right dollars, it's, the opposite of cleaning, wait, cleaning your right. So we've all seen this. We make fun of the fact that we all know we're close. Yes, staring. So if we don't know what they mean, why, why are you using them where using, you know, legal's, why we're not using it, was this because, you know, you're kind of safe in this age of mexico, and it says a lot about sophia, you're gonna have every language of every country that you want to sell your shirt in, the texts start back here, next goes down, you manage to just take over no it's, okay, to use these incomprehensible laundry care labels for clothing. Why is it not okay ? Necessarily used them on the web, and the difference is there's, a standard for the clothing you could go look it up and what have standards not for. But least we have that handful on. Yeah, i mean, all the time, right ? Worse than me, it means and one of the three, or something's for horizontal stripes mean, it means just fine. Okay, what does the x mean ? And when we come to the act a little square, then i kind of realized, actually matters. What context ? It's in. So this is a photo from a dishwasher. From a job to go for about, we can have two weeks. We have to have a sticky note saying what these icons meant, because if this was an audio video player, nobody would ask any questions. But a dishwasher means effective. Sticky notes on a client is a regular thing and a lot of work places, and it kind of defeats the purpose of saving room no. Let's, take something in real life and make tonight count of it, and everybody will know what it means unless you're really does look like that kind of mailbox for a mailbox doesn't even make sense anyway. It's a head box, no way flag up does not mean you have mail. Ok, there are other reasons i won't go into the outgoing mail. That's. What it means. Who do you see the cat ? You can actually see the cat. We're not. I thought it was a goblin. My parents could see the cat because they saw a real cat. But by the time i came around, it was just. And then everyone stay left represent trains with technology for one hundred years ago. In fact, most trains. So is this guy's mom done well, and it says me on tech support buttons on your screen is most popular at this chair. This is to say, she would've left this building more obvious. The thing is, they probably did originally, and then we work our way back to, you know, indecipherable things. So knowing context there, knowing the story or knowing the history sometimes is necessary to understand what it is. Unfortunately, as new generations come up, have new people who never saw this don't have any clue what it is. Time you got booze time for you all to be like all those users. You keep saying, they think you're stupid, so start with a nice, easy one. Fine. I'm hoping somebody said, choose planet. Here is the context. Iss language. A man. Okay, language, winners. As a bonus, this is not a cricket, but you know you can guess what. The role by kat you left, right after the first one is. Next. Next, the next. Making sweet, sweet. Drinking starbucks next. Yeah, down here! And the last one. Yes, yes, no! It means mother. Okay, next one, i must you to know what the heart does. It doesn't be. It doesn't. B this is what i do. It doesn't like it, too. You bet sitting that's, sort of like a wish list thing. So what is it called let's say, you know, if you could keep track of things you'd like to buy, you can afford it. What is it do you want ? Yeah, isn't that so you, tio, i can't click it with your voice. Yeah. I love this one first thing. What is this thing ? Okay, on this one, it's, like, what is the flag ? Anything, is it ? That doesn't know, right ? It is a placeholder for when we don't, never reading. You guys are actually users because you let developers, right ? Yes, okay, this is just like that doesn't suck too much diseased dropbox. They actually do label their icons, but i thought if i took it off, i could ask you guys, what does that mean ? What i usually mean things. What surprised me was that this is seeing things that don't exist anymore, which you might look into everyday for work. It's. Horrible, awful. Don't ask me with farm life. My condos, it's, not maximized, minimized, but other than that, i have no clue. What is the eyeball being here ? No, trump. So, no. It is for you, you know that only you. But, hey, we're doing great, right users. Okay, these were easy. I think that goofy pacman and horses, too, if you guys know what this means, right ? Thanks. So who's gonna tell you. Okay. What ? Somebody, you guys get your hello kitty. Extra mean, just. Bonus from the same program. Now i'm going to say that's, a paragraph. Simple thing. But what is that ? It is not inventing. It's, not a lineman. This's. Language, direction left. Yeah, but we all knew that, right ? Because it's, so obvious from the icon. Okay, this is from bajor. Doesn't stop because you label their stuff. Safari means yeah. It wasn't like that, so you meant hole on this site, but just, you know, one so it's home, okay, shiny buttons were going right to left, but the farthest right one that me espy. What is the bill called educations ? You guys were awesome. It is notifications. What does the eye with a circle around it ? It is, but you can't say information because it's open information menu, don't have open notifications or click link or anything else, that's, already an actual item that they had to put it in here for some reason, so accessible neighbor. This is open information menu, but what is the plus ? Wait. Don't explain everything what's plus me. Normally means edition. But in this world, that's created border organization. Now i'm gonna make a creation, but in the western world. Yeah, i mean this program, because it's it's for a whole other world. But what is the pencil ? Usually mean ? You mean ted ? And using a screening or using speech this time ? I want to do a pencil sets editing, right. It could be called, and that this is accessible name. But if your mouth caesar, it's, update, project density, because that's, so obvious on the vibrating rectangle, so it kind of means copy, but that's, not what it does. It opens up a drop down menu, and inside it's got two once called copy quibbling case. We're stupid they added a title attribute for all saying, happy like clipboard, which covers up the other option, because i know also that what next has successfully and the last one is there. People say sher singh. So, i think, ultimately, official kind of uploading. But what it really does is open to dialogue and there's. Something called i c seen chair. Don't see sure, with no accessible name, so i actually know, tried clicking. It couldn't go any further. Is that commission or something ? I'm years right. They don't, uh, who's the sauce labs, two, three, two people you saw. Okay, so this unfortunate, what is the lightning bolt mean ? These air tests that you've run to get on a list of tests that you've run or race thought, there's, a lot of four going on years clouds, lightning, okay, so, so nobody's even going to try. So the lightning bolt means with sauce connect proxy, which i admit that is a lot of texts, does make sense to have an eye for that. What is little copy ? This is something you are supposed to be intimate with. Clouds. Yeah, wait is actually so it's. Yeah, one last one for ios, because it's, super simple for this's from my work, this is not released yet. I shouldn't be showing it, but i have this icon, and on my computer doesn't do anything. So it's got a little arrow pointing up it's, kind of this going up. When i click it. Actually, this goes down. I call that a wet, fidget spinner. Hi magnification, everything so big. I only have one column, apparently split. You and students all across america are gonna have to just know that to pass the test in school. So if you're small space, do you usually because we don't rooms attention for a full labels ? You did great. This is my phone. It runs windows. The only, but i had to learn, i'm on the rain. That's, what things called it. You blame the w, but i think the kebab i get to see the labels let's, see that again. Whole other application, it's got khan's combined tables. You guys know builders steal this idea. You still nothing from windows, steal this, what ? And so ? You and that's it.